Northside Folklore Project
How’s It Goin’ Boy?
Diane Hoppe

In 2005, RTE Radio (Irish National radio/television) broadcast a 6 part oral history program documenting
the perspective of many residents of Cork City titled "How's it Goin' Boy?". The program was sponsored and produced
by University College Cork, the Northside Folklore Project, RTE, with a grant from Cork - European Capitol of Culture 2005. 
Participants included: Producers, interviewers/photographers, and contributors.
The contributors and their stories are the focus of the project. Each interview is stored on an individual tape which has been numbered, documented and transcribed. 

The interviews documented what it is/was like to live in Cork.The stories are as diverse as the contributors. 
The stories fell into the following topics: Neighborhoods, Cork history, Family, Food, Immigration, Cork City,and Sports.
How's it Goin' Boy? is an oral history project documenting the relationship of residents of Cork City, Ireland in 2005. 
The project was made into an audio CD, then into a physical exhibit and book in 2007 which included photographs and text.

The contextual understanding of the project was enhanced when the original audio project expanded to include photographs in 
	an exhibition and publication of the same name in 2007.

PNG Guide:

Northside Folklore Project (NFP03DH) contains: ID, title, disc, producer, date, url,Interview, and meduim (radio, CD, and publication)
Producers include: ID, Name, Location, Meduim, and Web-url
There are 3 Meduims: Radio (RTE), Disc, and Publication or Book
	RTE breaks down to Radio ID, Name of show, Episode, and length.
		Each Episode includes: Episode# & Topic, Date Aired, and Stories included
	Disc contains: ID, title,tracks, and length
		Tracks are broken down by: ID, track#, Contributor, story, and length
	Book includes: Book ID#, Chapter (topic), and Page (story)

The Interviews include:interview ID, Date of interview, the tape#(primary) where the interview can be found, the Contributor (primary), 
	interviewer,topics covered in the interview, and individual stories documented within each topic told during the interview (primary)

Topic Names include (neighborhoods, Cork past, Family, food, immigration, Cork City,and sports), who contributed stories to the topics,
	and those stories.
The contributors were the interviewees who told unique stories of their relationship with Cork.This table includes their ID#, name,	
	the date of theinterview, the interviewer name, the tape#, their country/place of origin, and their stories.

The stories are the central theme in this project. each story has its own ID, its relationship to which interview (tape# and contributoretc.),
	 each story falls under one of the topics, 
	The stories that are included in the project can be accessed through each of the medium tables: RTE,Disc, or Book. 
	NOTE:Not all of the stories were included in the productions but are included in the interview data, topic data, and contributor data. 
	